update RN docker image bug fix (#1543)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue where author image validations were not checked properly.
* Fixed an issue where new old-formatted scripts and integrations were not validated.
* Fixed an issue where the wording in the from version validation error for subplaybooks was incorrect.

> * Fixed an issue where **update-release-notes** command used the old docker image version instead of the new when the docker was changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where the **update-release-notes** command used the old docker image version instead of the new when detecting a docker change.
```
